hey guys in today's video I will be
reviewing the switch easy numbers case
for the iphone 5 and 5s now the case
grunts for 1499 ms available on switch
ez's website this is the frost white
edition now what comes included with
this case is a screw protector in
microfiber cleaning cloth and a squeegee
card to install your device into the
switch easy numbers case you simply go
bottom side first unlock it in place
like so the reason I go bottom side
first it's good this case does come
included with built in dock and
headphone protectors so if you were to
go vol side first these and built and
protectors may cause some issues when
installing your device one thing that I
like about the switch EC numbers case is
that the design is real simple you just
have that frost water design that just
brings out the back of the device
there's the cutout for the camera take a
look at the left-hand side of the device
you have a cutout for the sound switch
and the volume buttons and the sleep and
wake button are made out of the same
material and I was able to same design
one issue I had with this is that the
material to used is real thick so you do
have to put a little bit more effort
into pressing it the case does feature a
little bit of laid on the table design
I'm not sure how well you can see that
because of the color of the case but you
will be able to place your device screen
side down with no problems my only
problem with the case is this left side
of the case just feel a little bit loose
so you don't you don't feel like you
have all the protection but it should be
to worrying because it does drive
protection overall I really do like to
switch easy numbers case the feel and
simplistic design for me really hits it
out of the ballpark for 1499 you really
can't go wrong with getting yourself as
to achieve these numbers case if you
would like to view this case check down
below in the video description thanks
for watching my review and as always
catch you guys in my next video